Justin Hershberger
CS 3450 
Project Charter 
Group 3: Matt Morris, Caleb Yearsley, Terik Brunson, Justin Hershberger
1/20/16

Problem Statement:
	Many people love movies and TV shows but they don’t always agree with critic reviews.
	A lot of times, a personal friend or family member’s opinion can affect whether or not
	someone will watch a certain movie or TV show but getting that opinion can be a bit of
	a hassle so naturally, shows go unwatched. Our project will be a form of social media 
	and a movie/TV show review database but will be different from what is available today 
	because it will be a combination of both so users can get their very own suggested top 
	10, top 100, etc. from the “friends” that they decide to have on this social media in 
	order to get a more personal list of what to watch.
	
Project Objectives: 
	Our goal is to create a friendly, interesting social media web application that allows 
	users to login and browse what their friends are watching as well as create their own 
	personal page that shows genres they like, favorite movies, favorite TV shows, actors, 
	etc. We want the feel of a Facebook but with the information of Rotten Tomatoes or IMDB
	in order to achieve the ultimate website for getting ideas for shows and spreading your 
	own individual opinion. We want the users to be able to look up any movie or show that 
	they want and post their own review of it so that their friends can see. There’s a lot 
	of good entertainment that goes unwatched simply because people haven’t suggested a certain 
	show to their friends and we want to bridge that gap.
Stakeholders:
	Current reviewing database websites such as Rotten Tomatoes and IMDB will want to be able 
	to integrate their reviews and suggestions with our website in order to increase traffic 
	to their website as well as promote ours hopefully. The users will be people that enjoy 
	watching movies or TV shows and then spreading their opinion of the show they watched to
	their friends. Users will also use our website to find new shows to watch.
Deliverables:
	At first we want to develop and design the basic layout of our social media aspect. We want
	people to enjoy being on our website and we can’t accomplish that if it’s boring.  Next, we 
	will implement a rating system for each movie or TV show. Then we will integrate movie and 
	TV show databases so that the users can browse and rate them using our rating system. We hope
	to do this using IMDB’s and Rotten Tomatoes’ API. Finally we will integrate a login system so 
	that the user can login to their own personal page and rate based on their own opinions. We are 
	planning on using html, css, JavaScript, and Python for our languages. We also will be using 
	bootstrap for a framework and GitHub for version control. For the database side we will use SQL. 


